welcome to loki crammed don't forget to
watch for recap of four where loki's
journey began
because thanks to the time travel
adventures of avengers end game the
early phase one god of mischief was able
to escape into his own tv show
as the mcu continues to get strange
during phase four
and of course make sure that you're
subscribed and checking out the other
marvel recaps and let's go
[Music]
well it looks like he zapped himself
from new york on random to land in a
gobi desert where he tries a bit of
godding over the locals
but he's caught the attention of the
time variant authority
whose minutes men hunters have no
trouble dealing him a swift smack into 1
16th speed
before dragging him off to their hq and
resetting the local timeline
loki finds himself being processed in a
confusing bureaucratic facility that
takes the tesseract
strips him to a more basic look and
makes him sign for every single thing
he's ever said
as well as confirming he's not a robot
it would appear there was once a grand
temporal war between timelines but
thanks to the timekeepers merging
everything into a single thread the
temporal variance agency was founded to
stop any more slips into branching
realities
in order to avoid possible future
multiverse wars
and loki who has just escaped his place
in the core timeline
is to stand trial for his offence and
seeing as magic doesn't work around here
he's about to be reset
but agent mobius takes an interest in
the god and gives him a tour of the vast
city of technology seeing as time works
differently inside the tva
the bureaucrats are able to keep loki in
check so that agent
mobius can sit for would-be dictator
down for a conversation
he seems to think loki's father issues
and his desire to be king of
something has been getting in the way of
his mischievous potential
citing his attack on new york under
thanos as him not being at his best
however some of his highlights in life
have been tricks like hijacking a plane
back on earth as db cooper
with a bomb to steal a load of money
after losing a bet
with his brother four so owen wilson
shows loki the timeline as it was
supposed to occur
without his tesseract escape his
imprisonment in asgard and the events of
for the dark world
including the death of his mother he's
trying to get to the core of what's
driving loki's actions and
understand him but they're interrupted
by the loss of one of their tva units
more on that later and loki uses this as
an
opportunity to steal the time twister
and turn himself back to when he was
near the processing
area to steal back the tesseract
discovering
instead that the tva is so
overpoweringly above the bounds of a
marvel universe
they keep infinity stones lying around
like paperweights
shocking loki into realizing that he
might be dealing with one of the
greatest powers
in existence and while still dodging
security
he goes back to take in the events of
what his life was supposed to be
realizing he had gone on to reconcile
his hopes for acceptance
and family right up to the point of his
death
at the hands of thanos it's a strange
thing to take in
his missed experiences of finding
happiness along with his demise
and he takes it out on hunter b15 by
duping her into some close combat
and slipping on the time collar for a
bit of repetitive temporal displacement
but with nowhere in the timeline to go
he explains he doesn't enjoy hurting
people
he just does these things to maintain
the illusion of the trickster he is
to inspire fear and give him control but
mobius doesn't quite see him as the
villain he's not offering salvation
but he is willing to offer loki a job
because there's a fugitive timeline
variant out there who's been baiting and
then
killing off tva units in small groups
throughout history
leaving an odd trail of clues from some
gum in 16th century france
over to 19th century oklahoma where an
entire unit
is burned alive loki might be the right
person to help
because the fugitive variant who's been
killing the tva minutemen
is in fact another version of himself
oh my god so thanks a lot for watching
and let me know what you think of loki
so far in the comments below
make sure that you're subscribed to
filmcram to catch the next episode
and take care